PDEP-8 inplace updates (#31)
lithomas1/pandas: web/pandas/pdeps/0008-inplace-methods-in-pandas.md

the structure of the DataFrame or Series intact (shape, row/column labels), but can mutate some elements of the data of
the DataFrame or Series.

**Group 3: Methods that modify the DataFrame/Series object, but not the pre-existing values ("object-inplace")**

| Method Name                 |
|:----------------------------|
| ``drop`` (dropping columns) |
| ``rename``                  |
| ``rename_axis``             |
| ``reset_index``             |
| ``set_index``               |

These methods can change the structure of the DataFrame or Series, such as changing the shape by adding or removing

> columns, or changing the row/column labels (changing the index/columns attributes), but don't modify the existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
columns, or replacing the index/columns attributes, but don't modify the existing
```

However, the `copy` keyword is not supported in any of the values-mutating methods listed in Group 2 above
unlike `inplace`, so semantics of future inplace mutation of values align better with the current behavior of
the `inplace` keyword, than with the current behavior of the `copy` keyword.

Furthermore, with the Copy-on-Write proposal, the `copy` keyword also has become superfluous. With Copy-on-Write
enabled, methods that return a new pandas object will always try to avoid a copy whenever possible, regardless of
a `copy=False` keyword. Thus, the general proposal is to actually remove the `copy` keyword from the methods where it is
currently used.

Currently, for methods where it is supported, when the `copy` keyword is `False`, a new pandas object (same
as `copy=True`) is returned as the result of a method call, with the values backing the object being shared when
possible. With the proposed inplace behavior, current behavior of `copy=False` would return a new pandas object with
identical values as the original object(that was modified inplace), which may be confusing for users, and lead to

> ambiguity with Copy on Write rules.

Author: I am not fully sure anymore what the intent of this paragraph was (but I _think_ it is mostly about the copy keyword, and thus removed it from this PDEP)

Reviewer: Personally, I feel like we should keep the part about ambiguity with Copy on Write.

Without it, it feels like the argument just becomes we should use ``inplace`` since it is already used in Group 2 methods, which isn't really a strong argument.

Author: Ah, OK, rereading it again, I now better understand what we wanted to say ;) Indeed, if we would use copy=False where we now use inplace=True, it would have a different behaviour with CoW compared to the existing cases with a copy=False option. 

Will add it back (and see if I can try to clarify it a bit more).

Author: @lithomas1 I added back the paragraph, slightly rewritten in the hope to make it clearer. Can you check that? (also to ensure we have the same understanding what the paragraph is about) See the last commit added in https://github.com/lithomas1/pandas/pull/33
